clarified Manual Upgrade context (#1234)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.38.0.md

- Docker/Podman users who do full container replacement upgrades to newer versions of PMM.
    Your existing `docker pull` or `docker run` commands will use the new image.

##### Manual upgrade options

> For users upgrading AMI, OVF, or Docker-based installations via the UI, the **Upgrade Now** button on the Home dashboard will upgrade your PMM version to 2.38. This upgrade will provide access to all the new features and bug fixes available in this version. However, the PMM base operating system will remain on EL7 (CentOS 7) and will not be upgraded to EL9 (Oracle Linux 9). This means that certain CVEs related to the base operating system will remain unpatched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For users upgrading AMI, OVF, or Docker-based installations via the UI, the **Upgrade Now** button on the Home dashboard will upgrade your PMM version to the latest PMM 2 release. This upgrade will provide access to all the new features and bug fixes available in this version. However, the PMM base operating system will remain on EL7 (CentOS 7) and will not be upgraded to EL9 (Oracle Linux 9). This means that certain CVEs related to the base operating system will remain unpatched.
```
